well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh
mitch mcconnell nancy pelosi and donald
trump
and the stimulus because wow okay so if
you haven't been following it
you know there's supposed to be another
round of stimulus
if you haven't been following what's
going on
they couldn't agree on a number the
white house team the senate team
and uh the house team they couldn't
agree on how much
pelosi wants a whole bunch so much
that trump tweeted out that's it talks
are over we're not gonna talk about it
anymore and then almost
immediately when he realized that that
was really unpopular
among the american people he switched
and said that he was
willing to continue negotiating
mcconnell is wanting to
push a policy forward that
is piecemeal helping out it appears
like it's going to be helping out the
big companies and leaving
direct payments to everybody off the
table
trump is now saying go big or go
home in other words he's kind of caved
to pelosi
that's what's happened now it is at this
moment
that senate republicans have
decided to grow a spine and it's not
that they actually care about this issue
in particular
it's that they have weeks left to
differentiate themselves from trump
they see the poll numbers too and they
know that the president's coattails are
not very long right now
so they have to show the american people
in some way
that they are different than trump that
they're not going to co-sign
everything even though they did it the
entire time
the only two things that are really
capturing the media's attention right
now and therefore the
attention of the american people the
supreme court nomination
and the stimulus they're not going to
deny a conservative judge on the supreme
court
so the only option they have is to try
to differentiate themselves from the
president
on the stimulus this is all political
it's
them trying to show
that they're different that they aren't
just a rubber stamp for the president
which they have been this entire time
and they've got weeks left to show that
well we can be different
because his poll numbers are down it's
what it boils down to
mcconnell is worried about losing
control of the senate
it's a legitimate worry um
so this is their method this is how
they're going to do it they're going to
try to appeal to the american people
by denying the american people
that cash payments most need pretty
badly
it's a bold strategy i think it's one
that will go down in flames personally
but we'll have to wait and see how it
plays out
at the end of the day the important
thing to remember here
is that once again when it comes to
something that helps the average
american
those at the top are just playing
politics there's no debate
over whether or not the large companies
are going to get
assistance just whether
working-class americans are anyway
it's just a thought all have a good day